# Udacity Neighborhood Map App

Browse through a selection of child-friendly attractions in New York City. All the fun with none of the noise.


## Getting started

Follow these steps to get a copy of the project running on your local machine


### Installing

You will need a Windows, Mac, or Linux based operating system and access to the internet in order to run this project.
Either clone or download and unzip the files to your local directory. Afterwards, open the terminal or git bash and:

* install all project dependencies with `npm install`
* start the development server with `npm start`


###  Dependencies

In order for your Neighborhood Map app to function properly, the following files must be in place.
Please verify that your local directory has the following:

#### In the `src` folder

* Index.js
* Index.css
* App.js _This is the root of the app_
* App.css
* serviceWorker.js _This file is the service worker provided by create-react-app_
* /components/SideBar.js _This is the child component that renders the list view of locations_
* /data/locations.json _This is where the collection of locations are stored_
* /data/mapstyles.json _Make changes to this file if you want to edit the look of the map_


#### In the `node_modules` folder

You will also need the `prop-types` package, which should be included in your download

All the images and additional information like business hours are provided by the [Foursquare API](https://foursquare.com/developers/). Finally, this app also makes use of the free [Google fonts](http://fonts.googleapis.com/) and [Font Awesome fonts](https://fontawesome.com/).

#### About that Service Worker

It only works in production mode. Open your terminal or git bash and enter `npm run build` to minify and optimize the files.
Once this is done, serviceWorker.js checks if a service worker is already registered (and unregisters it, if found). Then it registers a service worker and sends a message to the user if an update is available.


## Using the Neighborhood React Map

Either click through the markers on the map, or click the menu button to open a window and narrow the locations by borough
Clicking on either the listed locations or their markers should display whether or not that venue is closed, and an image
(if available.) It's like going without leaving the comfort of your house (_Or putting on pants_.)

### Contributing

This assignment was completed as part of a Udacity Nanodegree. As such, no pull requests will accepted at this time.


### Licensing

MIT License

React and the packages used to build this app are free to use. Apart from the starter code generated by create-react-maps,
this project's code was written by me; Submitting it as your own work is plagiarism and violates Udacity's Code of Honor,
which may result in expulsion from your nanodegree program.  
